WebAPI: Clean syntax from property pages, part 10 (#14390)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/mozsyntheticdocument/index.md

whether or not the document is a synthetic one; that is, a document representing a
standalone image, video, audio, or the like.

## Value

> `true` if the document is a synthetic one otherwise it's `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean value that is `true` if the document is synthetic, or `false` otherwise.
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples

```
